2. Liquid
   Liquid is where Jekyll starts to get more interesting. It is a templating language which has three main components:

objects
tags
filters
ObjectsPermalink
Objects tell Liquid to output predefined variables as content on a page. Use double curly braces for objects: {{ and }}.

For example, {{ page.title }} displays the page.title variable.

TagsPermalink
Tags define the logic and control flow for templates. Use curly braces and percent signs for tags: % and %.

For example:

```
{% if page.show_sidebar %}

<div class="sidebar">
    sidebar content
  </div>
{% endif %}
```
This displays the sidebar if the value of the show_sidebar page variable is true.

Learn more about the tags available in Jekyll here.

FiltersPermalink
Filters change the output of a Liquid object. They are used within an output and are separated by a |.

For example:

```
{{ "hi" | capitalize }}
```

This displays Hi instead of hi.

Learn more about the filters available.

Use LiquidPermalink
Now, use Liquid to make your Hello World! text from Setup lowercase:

```
<h1>{{ "Hello World!" | downcase }}</h1>
```
To make Jekyll process your changes, add front matter to the top of the page:

---

# front matter tells Jekyll to process Liquid

---

Your HTML document should look like this:

---

---

```
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html>
  <head>
    <meta charset="utf-8">
    <title>Home</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>{{ "Hello World!" | downcase }}</h1>
  </body>
</html>
When you reload your browser, you should see hello world!.
```

Much of Jekyll’s power comes from combining Liquid with other features. Add frontmatter to pages to make Jekyll process the Liquid on those pages.

Next, you’ll learn more about frontmatter.
